<!-- Run the 'Make Notes Doc' action to use this template. A 'notes' directory will be created if necessary.-->
# Project: Sonic Playground

## Client: GRAMMY Museum

### Date: 2025/08/08 1:00PM PDT, Zoom

### Topic: Electric Forest check in; Carnival Cruises edition

#### Attending

- Jasen Emmons
- Brendan Hogan
- Name

#### Agenda Items

- Robustness of construction
  - watertight?
  - gasket sealed casing?
- Audio content
  - how many control parameters?
  - get Moldover involved now
- Timeline
  - Blackmouth ramp up
  - Moldover schedule
- Sensing
  - materials
  - BMD involvement
  - price out actual costs (BMD)
  - overseas shipping, etc.
- Installation - do we have any leverage on month?
  - who installs?
  - wiring, power, etc.

#### Minutes

- the boat has multiple different "rooms" for various age groups
- they want something about the physical size of Sonic Playground
- interested in Career Wall, cruise-specific

- boat launches from Florida in August of 2026
- install happens in Denmark or Sweden, March through June 2026

- GRAMMY Hall of Fame is delayed until May, 2026
- Music and Video Games, March 2026
- Ray Charles Library somewhere inside all of this.

- Boat
  - Beat Nexus?
  - Vocal Booth (2 versions)
  - Simple stage
  - Film/TV, Video Games, Voice Acting
    - Film/TV and Video Games - ditch secondary screen and run on BrightSign players.
    - Video Games - no file sharing, instead add a "Listen To Your Work" function (controls a DAW running behind Intuiface)

- Team
  - Brendan, Moldover, Shaun Chasin?, TBD person who engineers and leads the Performance Stage aspect  

#### Action Items

- [x] Notes to Jasen

#### References

- N/A

#### Correspondence

_notes email to Jasen Emmons, following up to Zoom conversation:_  
​
Thanks for meeting. There are a lot of exciting projects coming up. Here are some thoughts I took down and general notes to keep the conversation going and to hopefully help get information from partner organizations:

__Carnival Cruises__  

#### Global

- Who is on the development team?
- Who from that group goes overseas for install?
- How much flexibility do we have over the install timeline? (May is better than March, etc...)
- Ground plan and electrical drawings - where can equipment be located, where can power/data run?
- When appropriate, set up a meeting with Carnival technical/engineering staff to discuss construction requirements (power, data, etc.) that are unique to a marine environment.

__Electric Forest__  

- How many tubes? Think in divisions of 4. 8 total seems like a good place to land.
- Tube behavior: playable like an instrument where the sensors control synth/rhythm parameters (like Beat Nexus)?
  - Start working/thinking about this with Moldover soon
- How robust does the construction need to be?
  - Watertight? Gasket sealed?
  - Floor/ceiling anchoring
  - Talk with Blackmouth sooner rather than later
  - What requirements does Carnival engineering have in regard to install, power, etc.?
- Change sensors?
  - If so, identify better products and start testing with BMD soon
  - Discuss what musical parameters the sensors will control. Depending on the answer, we may want to keep all six sensors and group them in pairs to reduce the learning curve.
- Change anything else about the current build? Different LED tape? 24V instead of 12V, etc.?

__Voice Acting__  

- Remove file sharing feature in favor of a "Listen to Your Work" playback option
  - This will cut down on the file preparation time (no video rendering and pushing to Dropbox).
  - Interactive no longer produces a receivable, but is overall faster to perform
- Re-cut the scripts: keep overall time limit the same, just with fewer words
- Reshoot virtual host on a proper green screen? Does Carnival have a relationship with celebs who could be new hosts?

__Film & TV / Video Games__  

- Reshoot virtual hosts on a proper green screen?
- Ditch secondary screen so that these can run on BrightSign players

__Performance Stage__  

- Dedicate a member of the dev team to the stage
  - Determine number of instrument stations
  - Enable the "listen to others" feature
  - Build custom control boxes to toggle between "Me" and "Me plus everyone" mixes
  - Is there a live audio element? Small PA system, etc., or headphones only?

__Career Wall__  

- Does this become an Intuiface interactive, or stay in BrightAuthor (port Shaun Carter's build with new content)?

__Music and Video Games__  

- Further discussion re: how many interactives and their scope/function
- Engage Shaun Chasin as the liason/asset prepper for all video game related content, then Hogan synthesizes the content into playable interactives.

__Ray Charles Library__  

- when we are ready to get back to this project, I would like to do another site visit that is focused on the technical elements (screen sizes, wiring paths, remote management, etc.)

__Musicians Hall of Fame__  

- Did Eddie Kramer/Soundgarden ever send stem assets?

__Hall of Fame__  

- I'm glad to hear that this is no longer happening in January. This will allow for more content to be prepped and added so that the new version of the interactive that opens the space is robust.

Thank you,  

Brendan Hogan  
+1.206.802.5240  
[hogansound@gmail.com](mailto:hogansound@gmail.com)  
